# CV-Project
Characterizing the imaging system (in VIS and IR band) using Slanted-edge approach for MTF measurements

These two configurations allowed me to compare the robustness of the setup with collimator against the make shift experimental setup. Another insightful conclusion throughout this process turned out to be that varying the temperature only adds signal intensity, at lower setting temperature of the thermal bb (at 30C) my target pictures looked noisy/ relative to the higer temperature values. So turns out calibrating my thermal bb wasn't a parameter that impacted my results. Also it is important to note that thermal cameras usually have lower resolution and the cameras I was able to test during my research one of them had dead pixels, so no amount of image processing (such as averaging or image registration could resolve those kind of noise sources). However I did investigate the effects of subtracting dark noise the results weren't significantly good.   

thermal_da.py is for the data collected by FLIR when placed in the collimator, 100s of tif files were collected for varying temperatures (30C, 40C, 50C, 60C, 70C, 80C) of the knife edge target, then a region of interest was cropped up, and the intensity values across a row of pixels were plotted (it is important to note that we are in the spatial domain), then I took the derivative of the ESF to get the LSF and then Fourier transform to get the MTF (it is important to note that we are in the frequency domain). Taking the FT is important because it provides me information about the resolution of the camera I am testing or characterizing. 

thermal_data.py is for the data collected by make shift experimental setup with a calibrated bb, make shift target setup inside a thermal chamber, 100s of tif files were collected for varying temperatures (30C, 40C, 50C, 60C, 70C, 80C) with the same FLIR camera, then a region of interest was cropped up, and the intensity values across a row of pixels were plotted (it is important to note that we are in the spatial domain), then I took the derivative of the ESF to get the LSF and then Fourier transform to get the MTF (it is important to note that we are in the frequency domain). Taking the FT is important because it provides me information about the resolution of the camera I am testing or characterizing. 


Additionally, the experiment was performed using DSLR cameras as well, more specifically Nikon D5600. The source of illumination was an integrating sphere. The results were cross-validated against Imatest sw.
